good morning Here I am with my iphone 4
with iOS 401 and we're going to attempt
to jailbreak so as you can see this is
just i reflashed it with the original
operating system as you can see there's
nothing on it see settings you can see
no songs everything and you could see
version 4 01 so we're going to go web
browser and we'll go to the websites
called jailbreakme com okay so you can
load see more info they talk about if
you like this jailbreak and what does
jailbreak is reversible as illegal note
dcma exemption and credits of course the
iphone dev team so go back and all we
have to do is slide on jailbreak so
there we go
alrights downloading
Jesus I'm doing this in real time but
not at no editing of the video so you'll
see in real time probably fast-forward
through this if you don't want to watch
this part but it's actually very quick
so you can see how easy it is to do
yourself
c3g five bars so as fast as it can get
unless you're on Wi-Fi
all right looks like we're halfway
through I see the status bar moving
ok
two-thirds of the way there
servers probably getting pounded because
this is really like the first morning
that it's available is released last
night all right looks like it's done
downloading so says jailbreaking sit
tight progress bars moving
okay almost halfway through as you can
see there are no cables anything
involved all you need is just active
internet connection which was a lot
better before where you have to actually
do a tethered jailbreak
all right almost done okay
I did this with this phone on iphone OS
four point oh the original and it worked
so i restored this 24 point 01 am
basically showing you what is with the
current version right there we go CDs
have enacted to the home screen have fun
okay so then we go back out look at that
so cedia i'll just click developer
because i like to see everything
there you go see and you notice device
has shshs on file for four point oh and
four point oh one just in case I need to
roll back all right I've kept it under
six minutes hope you enjoy the video and
if you want to experience more products
that are available in the high phone
that are in the App Store do this with
your iphone thanks